# Personal Website By Atharva Kerkar

## Introduction
Hi! This public GitHub repository holds the source code for my personal website. I am hosting it (the URL link to the website will be added at the start of this documentation) so that potential recruiters and other interested people can see what I've been up to and learn more about me. In other news, I just want to say thank you for considering me as a potential employee if you are reading this in the future. In this README, I will go over the thoughts I had towards each section of this website, some tests I ran, and some minor fun details (i.e. Behind The Scenes technicalities).

## Section 1: The Terminal
This was the weirdest part about this project. Keep in mind that this was the first time I ever coded a website with React, and the first time I designed a website myself without any outside help, so bear with me! I wanted to create a Computer Science-y introduction to my website and I was inspired by the [GitHub software engineering mailing list UI](https://swelist.com) to have an animated introduction that had something to do with a pseudo terminal. I got to work and researched a lot, and the solution I came up with was somewhat inefficient but got the job done. In the future, I hope that through a career in software engineering I can find more efficient ways to solve problems like these, especially in the backend aspect of JavaScript, Python, or other lower level languages. In regards to whether I will update the introduction... I am not sure yet. I feel like it is short, simple, sweet, and engaging enough to the average user, and I had a lot of fun with it. I learned more about how CSS, JSX, and React as a whole worked through this part of the project. My only hope for the future web pages I design is that I won't struggle as much as I did with this! It was quite the learning curve.